you know it's been in this profession that is the profession of high performance
computing for forty five years forty five years that's longer
than people used to live but I've been doing a forty five years
and every day I wake up I see a new skill that I need to learn one
learned or have what and the skill I've learned the most recently probably
would be I was working on a web based questionnaire to use and
I'd never learned Java script and I needed some Java script to do
some things on that questionnaire so I got a book a job description
star learn Java script fits a lot of fun you can do all kinds of the
Java script and the result of that so that's a skill even at my age
and that seniority in my profession that I learned in it spot as the
first fortran code I wrote nineteen